CEXT-3031: Update App Development page with webhooks info (#223)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/app-development/index.md

### Plugins and observers

> [Adobe I/O Events for Adobe Commerce](../events/index.md) enables building near real-time event-driven Commerce integrations using App Builder. You can define key events, like customer account updates, to be emitted from Commerce and construct apps that listen and react to these events.
> 
> [Adobe Commerce Webhooks](../webhooks/index.md) enables configuring synchronous logic to execute calls from Commerce to external systems when key events occur. This real-time communication with external systems can be used to validate or modify data in Commerce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Adobe I/O Events for Adobe Commerce](../events/index.md) enables building near real-time, event-driven Commerce integrations using App Builder. You can define key events, like customer account updates, to emit from Commerce and construct apps that listen and react to these events.

[Adobe Commerce Webhooks](../webhooks/index.md) enables configuring synchronous logic to execute calls from Commerce to external systems when key events occur. You can use this real-time communication with external systems to validate or modify data in Commerce.
```
